And just thinking about the, what is in my pocket?
Sorry, oh, that's random, okay.
Do you want to know?
It was a measure.
What the hell is in my pocket?
And I was like, what is going on?
That's a kind of measuring tape you use to measure your own body.
No, no, I did not measure my own body.
I measured my children's bodies.
Because I'm ordering them BJJGs,
but that's another topic for another time.
Wow.
(upbeat music)
- Hey.
- Hello.
- It's been a couple weeks.
- Yeah.
- We skipped a week.
- I feel like we skipped a week pretty,
it's been pretty recently and we skipped another week.
Are we falling off?
What's going on here?
Do you not like me anymore?
- It's you, you're the one that's like, I'm traveling.
I need a break.
(laughing)
- So what I said, did I say I need a break?
- I'm a little baby.
(laughing)
- We were on a break, friends, anybody?
- Well, I mean, this is very you to hit a milestone
and then just not continue.
(laughing)
This is me also.
- Yeah, there was a part of me that was like,
how funny would it be actually
if we just never recorded (laughing)
the longest gag ever,
just like continually not recording
because we had 100, that would have been fun.
- Yeah, did you see,
I think it was Scott from Syntax.
I think they hit 800 episodes
and he said something like,
- Wow.
- Getting to 800 episodes is hard,
but showing up every week to do one is easy.
- Yeah.
- And I was like, yeah,
that's actually exactly how I feel.
- Yeah, it really is like,
there's no excuse not to do it every week
'cause it's an hour where we get to talk
and that's it.
And we're fortunate to have some people
that take it from there and make it more than our hour.
Shout out Chris, who's on vacation.
He's gonna edit this on vacation, by the way.
- Wow.
- He was happy to do it.
I'm not like a slave driver here.
I'm not like forcing this.
(laughing)
Well, I think he was happy to do it.
You're listening to this right now, Chris.
I hope you're happy to do it.
It seemed like you are.
- It's just the life of a freelance person.
- That's right.
- Every vacation costs twice as much.
- Yeah, business owners, man.
You don't get a break.
But it's good, right?
Like, that's the better path
than I was thinking about this a lot, actually,
of the last few days, just seeing a lot of layoffs
and seeing a lot of like pain in our industry.
So I've been thinking a lot about like the tech industry
layoffs and I guess just the idea of like working
on small teams and how great that is
versus working at a big company.
Do you think, like we've talked about this ad nauseam,
I feel like the idea that big companies
do need to exist for certain things,
but like software teams just continually getting smaller
and smaller, like that that's the future.
It's better, right?
It's more fun to be on a small team for sure.
But is it more fun to be like an independent contractor
and have to deal with invoicing and doing all these things?
And if you're not like with a steady client,
like actually coming up with work,
like is that better or is it more stressful?
- I think that if you do it well, it's better.
At least it's been my experience
'cause I can remember when I first started doing that
and it was not better.
Yeah, it was a lot worse.
- Yeah.
- But once, you know, eventually if some set of people
break through that and I think it's better
because you end up with situations that are fairly stable.
Like when I used to do that,
I pretty much was like full time.
- Yeah, same.
- Like when I go full time.
Like I wasn't like, they have worked for me one week.
They don't the next week.
I think that sucks.
Any kind of freelance where your client can't guarantee
the amount of work you do,
but you still kind of are like committing to them.
So they like might have worked, but they might not.
I think that's hard to deal with.
But if you can get it close to looking like normal employment
except you've spread your risk among a bunch of companies.
- Yeah, I mean, risk from just them going down,
but also risk from just you not liking them anymore
or like them being annoying, you know,
you just have more options.
But yeah, I don't know how many people actually get
to that level.
- Yeah, and that's one of my questions is like,
is that for everybody?
Like if tech layoffs.
- How's that way now for everyone?
- I guess I just feel like teams like big company,
software teams are just gonna keep getting smaller
and there's not gonna be like the proportion of people
that are at smaller medium-sized companies will grow over time.
Like the Twitter thing is the big example
everyone points to right now that like they went
from how big like 7,000 engineers to how many?
Not very many compared to that, like a thousand?
Did they cut it that far?
- I think it's some thousand now, yeah.
- Yeah.
So like that's the big case study where everybody's like,
oh, actually they get a lot done still
and the things had some bumps.
But like when you shed that many people,
of course there's gonna be bumps.
So I guess I just think like big tech companies
are gonna realize and just with like improvements
and efficiency, tooling, abstractions, all these things,
AI, whatever, whatever you think's gonna drive
the next step, I don't wanna say step function.
The next, sometimes you just are the trope
and you can't help it.
The next big leap in developer productivity,
I just feel like the era of like a 10,000 person
software development team is just, it's just not,
it's not the future.
- Okay, but here's a observation I had,
not observation, I guess this is like maybe,
I was able to think about this a little bit more.
That's maybe a counter to that.
And maybe kind of explains this thing
where I've been talking about
and I think you feel too,
we're fizzing the whole economy's fake.
So this CrowdStrike thing that happened.
But this is the, was the biggest blunder disaster
that has ever happened.
Like by far the biggest by a wide margin, right?
It's one of the biggest things we could even imagine.
- In technology, in IT, in software.
Like how do you in bucket that?
- Yeah, like in software, I guess,
in like in computers, I think that's how broad it is.
- Which side note, just real quick,
it's kind of interesting that it was like a software bug.
Like a software team shipped an issue
that created an IT nightmare.
It wasn't software people that had an IT,
are you know what I mean?
Like I'm sure they had a bad day,
but like it was all these IT people out of the world.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But here, that's my point.
So it's been maybe a week,
maybe a little more than a week.
- Yeah, how long has it been?
- It mostly is all fixed.
Like I'm not really running into business,
like every business was down.
But now they're all just back.
And they're just back to doing their usual thing.
And you know, for something that is like
the largest disaster that has ever happened,
you'd think that it would screw them for like years.
But it doesn't.
And I think the explanation is the economy is not fake.
It's just massively over-provisioned.
So all of these people that worked at these companies,
they had what looked like full roadmap.
So I'm sure they're all doing sprints and using JIRA.
I'm sure they like had a maxed out story point.
So I'm sure it was like their like full capacity.
And this totally unplanned amount of work shows up.
And somehow they just also do it, you know?
- Yeah.
- And I'm sure there was some like kind of thing,
but in the grand scheme of things, like I doubt, you know,
it's like an effect them for years in most cases.
So yeah, everything is just really over-provisioned.
It's you are everyone's over-hiring, everyone's whatever,
just for these moments where things do spike unpredictably.
And that's ultimately, and this is like actually
in Taleb's book, he says, that's what's different
between an employee and a contractor.
An employee, you're paying them to be there
whenever you need them.
You might not need them every second,
but most employees are actually rarely needed.
But you know the moment you need them, like they'll be there.
Whereas a contractor, you just don't have
that type of relationship with.
Like they can just say, no,
or like they have another client, they're prioritizing.
So all this costs, I think is for immediate availability.
That's like, I don't know if that explains the whole thing.
I think a lot of what you're saying is still true,
but I think that is like another dynamic that exists.
- So there's so many different avenues I want to go.
And I'm going to try to go to all of them.
It's not going to work.
- Yeah, it wants.
Okay.
So the first thing is, I guess,
there's a distinction between the software industry
and the fluff or the extra slack in the system
versus like whole categories of jobs
that maybe shouldn't exist or that like,
okay, so there's a book.
Somebody, actually someone who listened to the podcast
sent me a book recommendation.
They heard me talk about my idea
that the U.S. economy is fake or the world lot economy,
whatever.
And there's this book, Bullshit Jobs.
And basically, if you read this.
- No, I've been reading books.
It's pretty popular.
- You get the premise.
- Yeah.
And there were some like studies where like,
it was 30 to 40% of people in some country,
I can't remember, the Netherlands, the UK, I don't know,
said that they didn't think their job
served any like purpose to humanity.
Like that it was helping society in any way.
And that's all people that were surveyed.
It wasn't like specific industries.
So you imagine like all the nurses and doctors
and I don't know, very important jobs,
even people like in the surface industry,
they wouldn't say they think their job has no purpose.
Obviously they can see the purpose
like they're helping people every single day.
So those whole categories were probably unanimously
like, yes, my job does have a purpose.
And then 40% still of the whole economy
were people in jobs saying, I don't think it needs to exist.
And there's like whole categories of jobs
that just maybe don't need to exist.
So that's an interesting topic.
We don't even have to go any further into it.
But I think what you're saying is,
did you have something to say?
- No, I mean to that, yeah.
I think, yes, there is a lot of it.
And there's a few dynamics that contribute to that
that are just like fundamental in human nature,
which is by default, humans like empire building.
So when they enter a company,
they like to just add more and more people underneath them
and expand the number, just number of people
that they're in charge of.
- Not everyone does this, but that's like an innate bias.
Generally, we like doing that.
So of course, that's gonna result in some amount of
made up stuff, a lot of them made up stuff.
So I think that, yeah, that is there.
So I'm gonna tell you, see,
I don't know if you can self-identify
if your job is important,
especially at a big company or like needed.
I do feel like a lot of these big companies
do tend to be like a team of 10
and like one person is really like doing all of it.
- Yeah, it's just like a school.
- When there's like a team project,
like a group project. - Exactly, it's like that.
It's just that school that happened.
Like there's no reason why it would be any different
as adults, right?
It's, we've all experienced that.
Yeah, so I think that definitely is there,
but yeah, it is a complicated thing.
I think this is just how humans operate.
And when we do need to work in teams,
when we work in teams, like there's like a large margin
of error of part of the team not being needed.
- Yeah, yeah.
The other avenue to go down was I saw your tweet
that was kind of tied to what you just went through,
what you just explained about the whole CrowdStrike redundancy,
like how the world got back on track pretty quickly.
And a lot of people were kind of clapping back
or pointing out that, oh, these companies had huge financial
like Delta or all these airlines
that had huge financial losses
because of the CrowdStrike issue.
But in my mind, I didn't even see your replies
to those people, but in my mind,
you were talking about like the technology,
like the IT side of it healed, leaving outside,
the whole concept of financial implication
was kind of outside what you're talking about, right?
- Yeah, I think it was more that, as usual,
I thought those replies proved my point.
Like, yeah, it was big, it was huge.
- Yeah, just proving the size of the issue.
- Yeah, and if it's like the one of the largest things
we can even imagine, and they're like kind of back
to operations a week later, like just that differential
of like how big it technically was
and how like a non-issue it's gotten to already.
- Yeah.
- It's funny because there's so many crazy dynamics
going on, right?
You have the whole classic centralization problem
where everyone is using the same thing.
So when that thing breaks, everyone breaks equally,
which is like not how you build a robust system.
- Yeah, USC is one.
- Yeah, right, exactly.
But as an engineer, what's like a huge pain?
You hate when people are using different versions or stuff.
You hate when people are using different browsers.
You hate when people are using different operating systems.
Like you like push for like consistency and standards
and like contracts and all this stuff.
But you end up creating this like really brittle thing.
simultaneously, the real world completely rejects
that notion, 'cause if you look at a lot of these big companies,
they will buy like, I was talking to Stefan about this
the other day, like, okay, we're using GraphQL.
For some reason, they buy like four GraphQL products
that are all competitive with each other
and use like one here and a different one there
and a different one there.
And it looks like a completeness,
but it accidentally creates this resiliency
'cause there's no essential point in failure.
It's not their designing for that.
It's just a side effect of the chaos of people.
So yeah, there's like so many weird things going on
where the airline that wasn't affected
was a one that was like a behind on tech
because they were still on Windows 3.1
or whatever it was at Southwest.
Yeah, so it's so weird.
Like it just makes you question everything.
And that's kind of why I post that
'cause I was imagining all the people that are like,
you like want to rename a field in some library.
And they're like, this breaks backwards compatibility.
And then you imagine, and you like do kind of empathize
with that.
You're like, okay, we're just trying to like do their job.
Like they don't want this unexpected work
of like changing this stuff.
And as a library, I'll have that break.
So frequently, like I do feel bad about that.
But some of the things I'm like,
people act like it's the end of the world.
And like literally the end of the world happened
and like we're fine weekly.
Like there's so much extra capacity
to deal with nonsense like that.
So.
Yeah, what kind of like a rarity do you think this event was?
Like do you think this is the thing
that is like a once in a decade kind of thing?
Is it going to happen more?
Is there some reason why we're trending toward more of this?
Do you have any thoughts on our theories on any of that?
So we're getting more brittle and more centralized or.
But it's weird, right?
Cause like this was a critical example
of the centralization of things and the brilliance of things.
But again, it just like didn't.
Yeah, it like recovered so quickly.
So yeah, I mean, COVID is a counter example
of clearly from mass centralization, mass globalization,
like a thing spread so fast so quickly.
And it did cause a lot of problems.
So yeah, I don't know it's, it is, it's like a meta thing.
Like even thinking about this concept is so not centralized.
There's like someone like chaotic different ways
that like some places are getting creates centralized
and places are like completely rejecting it.
Which in itself is diverse.
You go to like, so I had thoughts about see,
after seeing your tweet, like about how it recovers
so quickly and I had my feelings
and thoughts about why it recovers so quickly.
And it's not what you came to, which was just to recap
sort of like there's slack in the system,
we're over provisioned.
So I love that concept of like you're applying
kind of computing to.
So we're over provisioned and these companies
are able to like pick up this kind of stuff
that needs picking up.
I guess the way I viewed it.
And I think it's kind of like the rational optimist book
kind of stemming from those ideas
that like most people wake up every morning
and want to make things better.
And because of that, something bad happens.
And you got a whole lot of collective energy
trying to fix it across all these industries
and all these different companies.
And the result is that we can kind of like fix stuff
pretty fast because a lot of people
trying to make it better.
I don't know, is that stupid and fluffy?
- No, I think that's true.
It just like with the problem like this,
the result isn't like one update and then you push it.
- Yes. - The exact opposite.
It's like a million people each like figuring out
these localized solutions for it.
Like of course, there's a general solution,
but then it's like, all these random local problems.
Like, oh, that machine is located in this room.
And like, I don't have the key to that room.
And like, you know, it's like you need the people
that are close to it to like figure stuff out.
'Cause I'm sure there are stuff there like,
like everything like just random stuff runs Windows.
Like in New York, you'd sometimes see these,
not sometimes oftentimes you'd see these digital billboards.
- Yeah. - Like on the ground.
Like they're at ground level that are just like,
they're not huge. - Mm-hmm.
- And they all show like ads and like directions
if you're like in this subway, like all this stuff.
That stuff runs Windows and sometimes you'd see a blue screen.
Like how do you go update that?
Like where is that?
- Yeah, who's in charge?
- I'm sure the machine running Windows is like,
in that physical thing.
So having to go to each one.
- Oh geez.
- And update this stuff.
It's crazy 'cause it seems like a lot of work,
but this stuff like skills so easily, right?
Like you just split up the work among a thousand people
and they get it done that day.
Like no matter what, you can do it in a day.
- Yeah, it's interesting.
Yeah, 'cause this is kind of worst case scenario.
Like most things can be like patched over the air kind of thing.
- Right.
- The fact that this was the situation
where you had to physically like go to each machine
because it's stuck in this recovery mode or whatever,
it's kind of worst case scenario.
And yeah, it's interesting to see how quickly
it could be resolved.
- Yeah, that's good news for us.
And a society continually built on top of technology
more and more so.
- The other thing this makes me think about
is self-driving vehicles.
And I've had a hesitation with them for a single reason.
And it's exactly the thing we're talking about,
which is it removes all diversity
from driving styles on the road.
Which if you look at it through tradition,
like the way we traditionally look at performance,
like how well do they drive?
Probably beats a human,
but they will all fail in the exact same way
in the exact same situation.
'Cause they're all running the exact same model
with the exact same outcomes, right?
And I wonder if that's not true.
Like do they put in like, is it like non-determinacy?
Like is there some variability to it?
And I'm sure like maybe it's not technically true
'cause two cars in different positions
are getting different inputs for whatever their input is
and maybe like that creates variability.
But something about that feels off to me.
I feel like whenever we build these types of things,
it's you just like hyper expose yourself
to some catastrophic thing.
So my dream is everyone in the world
is using a self-driving car except for me.
I'm the only person on the road that's still driving.
And I think that solves all my problems with it.
Really? Okay.
'Cause you wouldn't feel safe being part of this giant
uniform driving apparatus.
But as long as you have that agency still,
you don't mind if everyone else is a robot.
And like technically, like they probably are net safer.
So it's good to be around those vehicles.
Right.
(laughs)
I have a lot of thoughts on self-driving cars.
And I actually can't believe,
I don't think we've talked about this on the podcast,
which is surprising to me. No, it's funny.
It's for the most cliche tech topic
and we never talked about it.
Yeah. Yeah.
I actually have a ton of thoughts.
So I own a Tesla and we use the full self-driving now some
with a big asterisk, which is like it's kind of annoying
how much you have to be paying attention.
Like I have to pay attention more
when I use full self-driving than when I don't.
Which maybe that's just 'cause I'm not safe
and I shouldn't, it's not like I'm looking at my phone
while I'm driving, but like you can't even glance down
like at the dash in the wrong way
before it's like freaking out at you, the full self-driving.
Like it's very sensitive to you not looking straight ahead
at the road.
So it's good like after a workout, I'll turn it on
to get home and it does a really great job.
Like I can just kind of zone out and stare ahead
and like I'm paying attention as much as you would pay attention
when you're driving.
It's not like I'm completely checked out.
But it's just nice to relax a little bit.
That's basically the only use case that we use it.
Like it's really just I'm exhausted
or I just got back from the airport
and driving home from the airport.
It's good for those cases and it seems to like
be pretty good at driving.
Like I don't know what other people's experiences have been
but it's got the different modes kind of aggressive
versus passive or whatever.
I think the aggressive seems the most
with like a normal human driver.
It seems pretty good at it.
But the amount of you have to pay attention
is so like counter to the purpose of using it.
Like I feel like I want to use it
and I want to just be good at driving
and I don't have to think about it and it drives us
and we can do other things while we're driving.
Maybe that's never going to happen or maybe I don't know.
Maybe that's planned and I just I don't follow the news.
- Well, I mean like Waymo taxis are fully operational
and it's SF and they're entirely running on their own
with picking up random passengers.
- Like no driver in it even?
- No driver at all.
- So it's not like a legislative thing.
It's really just like a Tesla like being safe.
Like Tesla, sorry.
Being, Casey makes fun of everyone.
I say Tesla was like a Z Tesla.
It's not just like they have to do this
for liability or legal reasons.
- I think it's just a different product
where when you're a robo taxi company
you're like really constraining where it's operating
and when it's operating and you have like
a lot more control over that.
I can see why just giving this to end users maybe
is a higher level of risk.
- Yeah.
- But yeah, I mean, like it's there
and people have experienced exactly what you're describing
of just being able to,
I mean the taxi one's funny 'cause like you can just
experience that if you just get a human driver.
- You're still not having to drive.
We've had that for a long time.
- Yeah, I guess like it, like it being a vehicle you own
and like can take anywhere that's,
that's probably feels a lot different.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I mean, I'm trying to think with the way
that I drive how much it would impact me.
So my car has a lot of self-driving like features.
- Yeah.
- So when I am driving on like a highway like a main road,
I'm not really driving.
Like the car is like turning and doing everything for me
'cause it's just very simple maintain a speed
like all the way in like a car's been able to do that
for a while.
- Yeah, the depth of cruise control in the lane,
like staying in the lane,
that's pretty commodity now, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
And so that's in a way that's probably like pretty close
to what you're forced to do
'cause even though your car's better self-driving,
you still have to like, you know,
be in the driving position.
But I've had the same experience where it's like it is,
it is nice like I can like relax a little bit.
And I'm not like actively it's like wiggling the wheel
the whole time and it does feel different.
I think that, I have tried to imagine like if I had
full self-driving, yeah, it would be nice.
I guess it would be nice.
- Yeah, I mean if you didn't have to pay attention more,
'cause I'm remembering now and maybe I can,
maybe someone's gonna tell me in the comments,
you can do this in the Tesla settings right now.
I actually liked the old version of self-driving better,
which was just what you're describing is just lane,
staying in a lane, wouldn't even change lanes for me.
It was just staying in your lane
and not hit the car in front of you, like adaptive cruise.
I liked that better 'cause I could not pay attention
and it didn't freak out.
I don't even know if our original Tesla,
no, in 2016, our Model X didn't have the camera
that looks at your face.
Like they weren't monitoring you paying attention.
So I actually enjoyed that old self-driving better
and I don't have it anymore.
So now it's either like I have to completely drive
or I have to stare at the road even harder than I did
like when I'm just driving.
So it's like this weird trade-off.
Yeah, and when we make like a long drive,
like three hours on the highway to Kansas City,
it's really nice to just be able to turn on that adaptive cruise
and coast, but I don't even have that anymore.
Mm, yeah, yeah, I just don't drive that off in, so.
Yeah, you get to walk all over your city,
your beautiful neighborhood, I'm so jealous.
Yes, but I also just don't leave the house much.
There's no walking, yeah, well, I don't either,
but there's no walking in the Ozarks.
Like if we wanted to walk to the closest grocery store,
we're talking like hour and a half of walking.
Daddy, wild to me.
Like it would be that bad.
I mean, the suburbs in the Ozarks are so spread out.
Like everything is a long ways away.
Like it's a 15 minute drive to our grocery store.
So imagine like I'm not walking that.
I can't visit like 10 grocery stores in an hour now, probably.
I see the draw of cities, especially it's not like a city.
Like your neighborhood does not feel like I live in an urban area.
Like it's nice.
Man, I am so like, I'm feeling this weird existential thing
where mostly existential things are about your own self
and your own aging.
I'm feeling this about my neighborhood,
or I'm like, I love this.
I don't see how this is going to be like this forever.
Like water feels like a sea level or what?
No, we're talking here.
No, no, I think that crazy.
Okay.
So you remember how, I don't know if you remember,
but you know what, to my left, it's an apartment building.
That's like, I don't know, maybe like 10 floors.
And I have a house in the backyard.
Behind me has been an empty lot for a while.
I looked it up the other day and it was sold two years ago.
And when it was sold, it had like renderings
of a giant apartment building.
Oh, that's what you mean.
There's going to be an apartment building
in my, like looking into my backyard.
Like that's really weird.
No, like it's going to grow bigger and bigger
and they're going to densely pack it in
because it's such a nice area.
Yeah, and then like on a more like mini version of that,
you probably heard me complain about it a million times.
Like they're tearing down houses like mine
and putting up duplex, like really shitty duplexes,
like just two.
And I'm looking at all this and I'm like,
there's actually no way to stop this
because this is just like an economic force that's happening.
Yeah.
People want to be in that neighborhood
in order to increase the number of people that can be there.
Yeah.
People want to be in that neighborhood
and most people have horrible taste.
Like that's actually what the actual combination
of things is happening.
It's because I'm not against tearing my house down
and putting up something else.
The problem is the thing they put up like Rob's,
the entire vibe.
It's just like this cement cube and it like looks modern.
It like, like it acts like it's modern,
but to like if you like understand it,
it's actually just super cheaply built.
I honestly feel like those are going to like last
like 20 years before they like fall down.
It just seems like a piece of crap where you live, like
the elements are much more intense.
Like salt water and that.
Yeah, it's like the grade stuff faster.
And my house is a hundred years old and it's so up.
Yeah.
That's crazy to me.
Like people actually built stuff that lasted a hundred years.
I don't think any homes that are being built right now
are gonna last a hundred years.
Yeah.
So there's just this economic force
and the only thing that would resist it
if people were like not willing to move into these.
Again, they're like 1.6, 1.7 million dollar houses
that are just like really, like there's a street
where they just ripped up every single house
and there are like eight, four on each side, side by side,
exactly identical, exactly, exactly identical.
And I see them slowly being bought
every single one white Tesla.
So it just.
Okay, I have as a driver of a white Tesla by take offense.
White Tesla model three.
Like it's like that specific.
Okay.
So it's just like my disdain is like just for.
It's not even like me moving into your neighborhood.
Say.
(laughing)
I don't think you'd move into this house.
I'm like very skeptical that you would.
Yeah.
I think you would just notice all the winners to be honest.
No, no.
You should really advertise more
how many mosquitoes are in your neighborhood.
That's true.
That's people out.
That is true.
All those white people from the Midwest
that are moving down there in our white Teslas.
Yeah.
So my disdain for all of this,
it's not even the developers that are doing this.
Cause I'm just like, there's an opportunity
and economic opportunity.
Of course, they're going to do this.
Of course, I'm going to try to figure out
how cheap is possible they can do it for.
It's all the people willing to pay this much
for this piece of crap.
Like what is wrong with you?
Like why do you have this like boring generic life
where somehow you get,
you've like made enough money to afford this thing.
But you're just like using it in the most boring way.
Like if you had $1.6 million to spend on a house,
like you could do some pretty wild fun stuff.
And instead you do this crap.
Yeah.
Now I have a question for you
because you are not boring.
You are anything but average in every area of life.
What would you do if you had like,
let's say $100 million.
Where would DAX live?
$100 million.
What would you do that would be like
your in-game living situation?
Cause I know you love your neighborhood,
but like $100 million is different.
That's different than like,
you're comfortable right now in South Miami.
Where would you go?
I said South Miami.
I would say my neighborhood.
You stand your neighborhood.
You can spend $100 million to my neighborhood.
Well, okay.
What would be the thing that you would like?
What would be the DAX thing that happened
because you have $100 million that we'd all be like,
of course you did.
I don't, I'm gonna disappoint you
cause I don't, like nothing really comes to mind.
Is that gonna, I can only really think the next step.
So I would definitely stay in my neighborhood.
Cause I think, I think I told you the area
that like LeBron lived in when he played for the heat.
Like there's property on like that scale.
That's over there.
So I think I'm very basic.
Here's the thing about Miami.
Like it is so well suited for basic richness.
If you're rich, you live by the water.
If you live by the water and you're rich, you get a boat.
And like that combination of things,
you're like life is really, really amazing.
Like it's like really, really, really nice.
Like you actually really get the benefits of being rich
just by having, having those things.
But if I was, I would, I've always wanted to build my own house.
I've always wanted to do like a very concrete,
or like a house with concrete floors.
And like it just faces time really well.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I think people know something cold.
It is like on the colder side,
but I think you can still make it like pretty warm as well.
Like I like warm houses.
Like I don't like that like cold, ultra modern thing.
You'd have a bunch of dead animal rugs,
like laying across your concrete floor
to kind of keep it nice and warm.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
I always wanted to build my own house.
But that's like the thing I wanted to do.
So this is this is too boring of an answer for a podcast.
So I need to ask more probing questions.
Would you have a second home?
Is there another location in the world
where different seasons like when it's too hot in Miami
in the middle of the summers or somewhere else you'd go?
Would you have thought about that?
Yeah. I mean, I think what's hard about this question
is like it's so unlimited.
Like if you have that much money,
you can have 10 houses and be everywhere.
Like of course, I'm sure I'll find 10 plays in the world
that I would like to live.
Like I'll go have a really nice apartment in New York
because I love New York.
I'll go like we really liked Lisbon.
I think of the parts of Europe we visited.
Like that seems like a really good fit.
We definitely have a place there,
maybe outside the city,
which is only like 20 minutes away,
get like a country type house or something in the city.
I don't know.
Like yeah, it's just so you can do anything
with a hundred million dollars.
You know, it's not a-- I guess that's true.
It's just the basic stuff.
I don't think I'm interesting in that category.
There's not enough constraints.
You like when there's constraints.
You think the interesting stuff comes out of constraints, right?
I can think about the next step, right?
Like if I'm able to make it to the next step, like--
You're planning or kind of semi-prepared
for that.
By the way, my leechy tree died.
The one I got.
No!
Yeah, it's unfortunate.
But my mango trees are doing really well.
But in that category,
I would just want like a frickin' fruit farm.
Tree on your property?
On your property?
Yeah.
In my yard.
Oh, we have definitely looked at the tree.
Yeah.
The Maui draw is like,
just have an entire like tropical fruit farm
that you live on.
'Cause there's those on Zillow you can see 'em.
It's amazing.
I just keep finding more fruit.
Yeah. There's just like more new fruit.
Like so, I was really into leechies
and then I found out that there's another thing
called a Langen.
I don't know how to pronounce it.
Which is like exactly like a leechy,
but the season is off.
It's like shifted forward by a couple of months.
So like it kind of widens your window
of when you can enjoy this type of fruit.
Yeah.
There's just all the infinite banana varieties.
Do you like Ram Bhutan?
I don't know how to say it.
I sound like such a midwesterner.
Ram Bhutan?
Yeah, those are in the same--
A little spiky ones.
Yeah, they're very similar to--
Yeah, yeah.
I call them lychee, but I guess it's leechy.
We found this conversation.
Yeah, okay.
I mean, people-- (laughing)
I'm fairly certain it's leechy, but--
But you're probably right, babe.
You live in South Florida.
Like I just ordered them online from Miami.
I'm also from Asia, so.
Oh yeah, so you would know these things.
Yeah.
(laughing)
From Asia, that's funny.
So fruit trees for sure, that's my thing.
And I don't understand why people plant a non-fruit tree.
Couple of non-fruit trees, yeah, makes sense, but--
Yeah, we've planted ourselves, like, six fruit trees.
One, two, okay, two peach, two cherry, four apple,
and one, well, two papa, one died.
So now we have one in the papa tree,
but we're gonna replace it.
So however many that is,
we've planted a bunch of fruit trees.
It's really hard in the Ozarks, at least,
to keep fruit trees alive.
The deer just wanna come and tear them down.
I don't understand that from an evolutionary standpoint.
Why would a deer find a little cute baby fruit tree
and be like, I'm gonna root it, I'm gonna just destroy it.
I'm gonna hump it to death until it breaks in half.
Why did they do that?
'Cause if they want fruit from it someday,
I think they'd learn to respect the tree.
Take a little nibble, like a little nibble of a leaf,
and then just come back next year
and get yourself some fruit.
I don't get it.
Should I not say that word?
Did I say a word I shouldn't say on a podcast?
Chris can edit it out.
(laughing)
To actually, though.
The people are uncomfortable with that word for sure.
Yeah, yeah, I don't know why that came out of my mouth.
Like, that's not a word I used to do.
- You're extremely upset by what happened to your tree.
- Do you have deer?
Do you have deer in saffler?
You don't do you?
- No, no, we'd do there, but like,
I'm not like roaming around the middle of Miami, you know?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Except when they wanna like, you know,
when they're having a batch of bread or something,
maybe they'll come down.
(laughing)
- That's funny.
- So stupid.
- So we've lost like one cherry tree and one apple tree now,
just to the deer destroying it,
like completely snapping them in half.
Like, they look like there's nothing left of them.
And I don't understand that.
I don't get why the deer would do that, but.
- I mean, I think they just have to survive long
to reproduce, so.
- Oh, yeah, okay, they're not thinking about it.
- They're not thinking about 80 years in like retirement.
(laughing)
- Okay, that's fair.
- So the thing that's funny is a,
so peat trees, apple trees,
I don't know what they look like when they grow,
but mango trees look so cool when they're fully grown.
Like, if you ignore the fruit.
- Oh yeah, I love mango leaves.
- Yeah, they're like one of the coolest trees to have
and they can like form all these intricate, crazy shapes.
And the other thing that I kind of clicked for me was,
so with my mango tree, like trees grow in these like bursts
where it seems like they're doing nothing
and all of a sudden they're just like, shoot up.
- Yeah, kids too.
- Oh yeah, yeah, it may or it may or it may or it may or it
may or it may or it may or it may or it may or it may or it may
or it may or it may or it may or it may or it may or it may.
So it finally did that, right?
When I first got it,
I had these like three, like maybe like six inch shoots
that were coming out the top and then like new leaves
were growing on it and they were like,
they're still like not very sturdy.
And four days later, there was a really crazy rain storm.
And because they were weak, they like kind of drooped,
like the weight of the water and the wind there.
They drooped all the way to the side.
So they're like hanging, like facing left and right
instead of going up.
And then they like and I like propped up a little bit,
but they hardened in that way.
Like they grew and they got strong in that direction.
But now this tree is going to grow in a specific shape.
- Yeah, completely different because of that one rain storm.
- One day.
Yeah, and it's like you see trees and all those weird shapes
and it could have literally been from like one specific day
where like one thing happens, a permanent memory of it.
- Interesting.
- And the tree, which is really wild.
- That is wild.
I don't know why it made me think of like weight training.
Like I feel, I lift a lot these days
and I feel like I don't stretch.
So like I'm growing in a certain way.
And then like I'm getting in a certain shape
and it's just.
- This is a real thing though, right?
- Oh yeah, no, it's for, yeah, I stretched today
'cause I realized I was really sore and this is what happens.
My hamstrings get even smaller and tighter
'cause I don't stretch them.
- Yeah.
- Can I go back to the full self-driving thing now?
- Okay.
Are you aware of like how full self-driving has evolved
from a technology standpoint?
- I'm aware, the most I'm aware of is like
the LIDAR approach versus the non-LIDAR approach.
Like I don't know about anything else.
- So I'm gonna give you a short version
and everyone on the podcast.
- Yeah.
- I don't know where I heard this actually.
I feel like this was like Carpathie.
It was when he joined Tesla, rejoined Tesla.
I don't remember where he's been, he's been everywhere.
But they used to like train so that they had the cameras.
Well, the LIDAR thing is going even further back.
Like they had multiple sensors involved.
Did they have radar too?
They had like two or three different systems.
There was the cameras, there was the LIDAR
and then maybe even something else
that were kind of all like feeding into these ML models.
And the cameras were feeding images,
which were like labeled data.
Someone could correct me if I'm wrong.
I may be misremembering any one of these points.
But essentially like how we would think
of training object detection classically
with image detection, right?
- Right.
- Like you've got an image, you label
the different things on the image, whatever.
And it wasn't very good.
There was like this ceiling on that technology.
And then they said, what if we went all in on just cameras?
And then today what they've,
the ultimate form of full self-driving
where they've gotten to with Tesla,
it's just like photon data.
They don't like train it on images.
They just take the photon data
from the eight cameras or whatever around the car.
And raw photons feeding into some model
that ultimately is making decisions.
It's like how our brains work.
It's like the eyes, the light comes into the sensor
and they don't have any preconceived notions
of what those images may look like.
It's just like trained on photons.
I think that's so cool.
It's just so wild to me.
- Yeah, yeah.
The figuring out what the actual level of,
like what level of data does it need?
- Yeah.
- At some point it's like, that's like super unstructured.
Like you can feed it just raw.
I mean, for people to film training
like the music models and stuff.
Like at some point, are they just like ingesting
like raw sound waves and they can like learn
and find patterns from that?
Which is again like how like humans learn to see
and learn to hear.
So that is very cool.
This reminds me of something like coming on related
in terms of like humans seeing a certain way.
So this thing happens to me.
Like maybe like once, I get it like maybe like once a year,
maybe twice a year.
It's in the category of migraine.
But it's called an ocular migraine.
- Oh, I think I have heard this.
- Yeah.
It's this really crazy thing because it is 100% not a problem.
Like you get it.
It allows a couple of hours.
And it doesn't mean there's anything wrong with you.
It doesn't mean like you need to go get it checked out.
It's just a very, it's rare,
but it's like a very normal thing and it's ultimately benign.
But the symptoms of when you get it seem insane.
So here's how it usually happens for me.
I'll be working.
I feel totally normal.
All of a sudden I realize that there's a blind spot forming
in like an area of the monitor that I'm looking at.
And it feels really weird because blind spots are weird, right?
It feels like you can see something but you can't.
And so it's sort of forming.
So I sort of feel like I'm going blind in one eye.
That will transition into the blind spot
having this like weird like flashing like rectangle
that kind of shows up.
And then at that point I'm like, okay,
I'm getting one of these things.
Yeah.
And I'll go lie down.
I like drink a bunch of water
just to make sure I'm not dehydrated and stuff.
And then from there, the blind spot might start going away.
And I'll get like the traditional like migraine headache thing
which is very painful and annoying,
but whatever that's not a huge deal.
Then my hand, my hand will start tingling
and it'll start going no.
- Oh my word.
- And I'll like feel like this like numbing going all the way up
my arm and then like into like the side of my face.
And then sometimes this doesn't happen to me in a while.
Like there's like these weird neurological things
where like I'll try to remember what people's faces look like
and I just won't be able to.
Like some like random function in my brain
just like sounds working.
- Yeah.
- And then an hour later, I'm just 100% back to normal.
- Oh, it's just like an hour.
- This and like it used to be a lot like there have been times
I was younger where like lasted a day,
but lately it's been like one or two hours.
And what's wild about all of this stuff is like
I'm feeling something in my eye.
I'm feeling something in my hand.
I'm feeling something in my face.
But none of those things are wrong.
It's like entirely in my brain that this is happening.
So it's like.
- So wild.
- Yeah, it is really weird.
So it's really scary.
Teaming because it looks like I'm getting a stroke or something
but it's like this very rare but normal thing.
- And like if it happens when you're driving,
I guess you have enough warning.
Like it's kind of coming on slowly
and you can like pull over.
- Yeah.
And I could probably slow drive.
Like it would just be,
I was just being uncomfortable because I would have headache
but it's like a giant blind spot.
It's just like a weird thing.
I probably would pull over.
- Yeah, wow.
- But yeah, it's really odd.
And it's like, wow, your brain is like,
it makes you realize like how delicate your brain can be.
Like something is going on in some part of my brain
that's a gadgetated and it's.
- Oh man.
- Creating all these like weird effects.
- Yeah.
- Brain stuff.
Brain stuff is wild.
What am I, I'm listening to something about the brain.
I can't remember what it is now.
Is it a book I'm listening to?
What am I listening to?
It's about the brain.
- It seems like you're not really listening to it.
(laughing)
- If I said anything lately to you about the brain
that I've learned, what is it?
(laughing)
I gotta look at my audible now.
My brain just died.
- This is so funny because the sound so stupid
and you're talking about the brain.
It sounds like you're like looking for a brain.
Like I like the map one and I'm like trying to find one
and I don't really remember.
(laughing)
- There's nothing in my audible about the brain.
What is going on?
- I know I'm listening to something.
Maybe it's just a podcast.
Like I just, I'll do you give you a random tidbit
that I could not make up.
Like just heard in whatever I'm listening to about the brain
that some animals have like a part of their brain.
There's a name for this part of the brain
and humans have this part of the brain too.
But in some animals, there's like a hole in their skull
where light can pass through and hit this area of the brain.
You know what I'm talking about?
And it's something to do with like their chrono cycles
and like it keeps them aware of daylight and nighttime.
Ours is not obviously getting any sunlight
but there's like animals that receive sunlight
into a certain spot of their brain
that like stimulates these certain processes.
That's just wild.
Brains are nuts.
Bodies are nuts, just biology, big umbrella.
- I mean, that's probably how that I formed originally.
It was like light hitting some part of a creature
and then a bunch of like neuron cells
like forming around that area like over time
figuring out how to interpret it.
- It hurts your head to think about some of the,
just like I was thinking about this with dinosaurs.
My kids like do stuff with dinosaurs so much.
Like they've got dinosaur toys and dinosaur books
and dinosaur costumes.
We're just constantly inundated with dinosaurs.
If you ever just look at like a dinosaur model or a toy,
you just think about like like an ankylosaurus
is like this little like tank of a thing
with a big club on its tail.
- Ankylosaurus.
- Can you look at it?
You just look at like all the spikes on its back.
Sorry, I'm not too much about dinosaurs.
- No, that's not why I'm laughing.
- Oh, that's the wrong?
- I'm laughing for sure it's ankylosaurus.
- Oh my God.
- Ankylosaurus.
I mean, I don't know.
I might just be making it up.
- Light tea, ankylosaurus, whatever.
- It just sounds like, it just sounds like a dinosaur
that's like very ankyly like it's got a lot of ankylos.
- I mean, it kind of does.
If you look at like it's back and it has all these spikes
and all this like crazy evolved armor.
And you think like all the intermediate steps
like where it was like a little bump
and it was like, oh, that bump helped protect it
from dying from a T-Rex or whatever.
And that turns into a spike over how long?
- I know.
- Evolutionary stuff blows my mind.
Like to think of like, you just have these little building
blocks for life and then you fast forward like hundreds
of millions of years and it like turns into these crazy shapes
and crazy designs and organs and all these other things
that are needed to like accomplish this thing of living.
It's just nuts.
- Yeah, sometimes I wonder if you know how like in tech
or like society or the world, usually it's like,
there's like one crazy leap that like suddenly like spurs
like a huge change.
- Yeah.
- I do wonder if it's similar in evolution
because I think we often imagine like,
okay, like the armor, like yeah, I imagine the same way
like where it developed like a tiny version of it.
It's like minuscule.
And then like-
- But maybe it just jumps straight to full blown spikes
like some shit.
- Yeah, it may be like that.
- It was a crazy mutation and it was like,
it just fully covered its whole body and something or.
- That's interesting.
- Yeah, I guess that was just so effective
that like that like was a leap in terms of-
- Yeah, it almost, it almost has to be that way.
- And here I am opining on very like probably known
scientific facts, but like there's no way
some intermediate step of a spike on an animal
would protect it anymore, right?
I don't know.
- I don't know.
But maybe there's cases for both like, yeah, it is wild.
I think it's just one of those things where like the amount
of time this stuff took issues incomprehensible.
- It's incomprehensible that's the word.
Yeah.
- It's like developing just that spike technology
might have been like longer than all of humanity.
- That's insane.
It's really, it's ludicrous.
And I've been getting into like quantum physics stuff
and like astrology or which one's the one that's real
and which one astronomy, astrology.
(laughing)
- You know what?
- You need to go find your brain
before you get into these toddlers.
(laughing)
- I really can't remember which one's real.
I think one of them is like the fake.
- Astrology is the science stuff.
Astronomy is looking at stuff in the sky.
- Yeah, when you like get into like astronomy stuff,
I just enjoy like to, I feel something
when I listen to these types of books
where they just talk about the crazy physics
and underlie everything.
Just something about it just like blows my mind
and I like to have my mind blown.
That's why I like like books about time and all that.
Yeah, I don't know.
Just like all that.
And then our little brain's trying to comprehend it.
I don't know.
It's just, it's wild.
I have ever told you I want to,
I've so badly wanted to make.
Do you remember "Spore"?
There's like a game.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- It was kind of, it's like,
was there kind of like a let down and that like it wasn't?
- Yeah.
So I've always, I wanted to make like
the not let down version of that.
- Yeah.
- Like it's just in the back of my head,
some version of that.
I don't know how you could do it,
but some kind of game that's built on the premise
of like evolving things
and adapting to their environment.
Yeah.
Yeah, like could you make something that surprised you
as much as dinosaurs surprised me?
Like where there's some in state in this game
that you just can't even anticipate.
I just, I think that'd be really cool.
- No, that's not really fun.
- When are we doing that?
When are we gonna retire and build video games?
Sorry.
- Next, that's the next thing.
- Okay, that's next.
- Before the $100 million, go ahead.
- Here's my list of next things.
Once I don't have to work as much,
I'm going to build a Plex competitor.
- Oh, right.
I just talked about the good day.
- Really fast and doesn't have shitty stuff.
- Yeah, I was dealing with annoyances yesterday.
- I was too.
- I literally have an item on my checklist today
that's fixed Plex
'cause I have this annoying DVR issue.
Anyway.
- Yeah, it just constantly comes up.
If I'm gonna fix it that much,
I might as well just build it.
- I might as well just build the entire thing.
Yeah, that's totally the engineering solution.
- Yeah.
So that, I want to write,
I want to create a new program in language
that is more functional,
but composter single binary has a good type system.
It's like my ideal language.
That's one.
- There is no,
what's the closest thing?
- I imagine something that looks like Elixir
- That doesn't have the runtime.
- So that's a gleam,
but composter, like a single binary would go
with a really nice center library.
- Okay.
- That's like, I want to build that.
- Yeah, okay.
Do it DAX.
Call it, just call it DAX.
Just be like ultimate power move.
Just call the language DAX.
And then build the game.
In the game you want to build,
we've talked about this before.
The game you want to build is like,
I think it overlaps with a lot of things I want to exist.
I want to build.
Like where we can like,
it's multiplayer.
- Share a world.
- Some way.
- Yeah.
- Share a world, kind of Minecraft-y, but not.
- Let's get to all these things.
- Those are my things.
- Do you think there is actually a day
where we want to work so much?
Sometimes I wonder if I'm going to be saying that
when I'm 75.
Like someday when I don't have to work so much,
I'm going to do these things.
- I mean, when I can work,
I don't think it's going to work so much.
It's just like working on things with a different goal, I think.
- Yeah.
- Making that game the goal,
like I don't have to like make a lot of money with it.
- Yeah, the goal is just, it's fun.
It'd be fun.
- Yeah.
It doesn't have to be a giant success.
It doesn't have to be venture scale.
(laughing)
It's not working on venture scale things.
- Oh, do you have any reaction thoughts
to all the VC stuff on Twitter I saw while I was on planes?
- Oh man, I have so many thoughts to this.
- Who's right?
'Cause they're both like very angry.
- These two.
- Paul, Paul, Brandon, David, Tex.
- They're right 'cause you're a VC company
or you're a YC company.
- No, no.
Those are the two fighting.
- Oh, right, right, right.
Sax versus, yeah, Paul Graham.
Yeah, yeah, sorry.
You still laid out both sides, sorry.
It's like a great suite of all time.
Who is Kendrick and who is one more?
(laughing)
- Oh, yeah.
No, I just heard Paul Graham and I immediately thought,
oh, you're citing, like, you answered my question, who's right?
And I figured it's--
- Oh, yeah, I mean, I was gonna side with Paul Graham.
So for the longest time I found David's facts
to be really insufferable
and I think he is wrong on most things
in like a deep fundamental way and just gotten longer.
I'm sure there's some stuff that he's not wrong on.
Whereas Paul Graham I have the inverse relationship with,
I do find him annoying at times.
I feel like, I think where he struggles
is he has a really hard time imagining
a different type of personality than his own
that also cares about the same things.
I think my annoyance with him is he just has this sense
that anyone that cares about stuff he cares about,
the way he thinks also must be this hyper introverted,
just like very narrow, like SF type persona,
like I think that's what he imagines.
And he struggles to imagine outside of that.
But outside of that,
I find him to be generally very correct on most things.
Zero consistency with what side he's on.
I think you can see him swing from traditional bubbles
into like the opposite.
Like I think he like truly thinks independently.
And I find him in places where like he was contrarian
in a way where everyone else in the industry
was kind of focused on like leading one way
and he actually thought about it from scratch.
And the other thing that I really appreciate
about this whole situation is it's something
that I really value, maybe it's my number one value.
So in this situation, these two VCs are fighting
'cause they are fighting over the situation
that happened to the the benefits founder.
And Paul Graham is just, his approach is very simple.
The benefits founder is my friend and it doesn't matter.
Like I'm just gonna back like the fuck out of it.
Like I'm just gonna have 100% be on his side
and be in his corner because I chose my side with him.
And that's like if he goes down, I go down.
If he goes up, I go up that type of thing.
And I think that's like a really great,
just way to be and way to live.
Whereas I think I think a lot of people,
like it's hard to find that level of loyalty,
especially in VC.
- There's almost like the crowd wants to like shame you
for that, like you're just biased or you're just,
but like you're saying, it's actually a good thing.
Like you're loyal to this person
that you decided to back a long time ago.
- Yeah.
- And that's enough of a reason to continue to back them.
- Yeah, exactly.
Like you made a commitment and you're sticking with it.
And yeah, like you'll take whatever.
If they do something and it causes a problem for you,
like you're gonna take it,
you're not gonna like, wreath a lot of it, right?
So that's like a level of like honor
that I think that is not that common.
So yeah, that situation was funny.
- My only annoyance, my only annoyance with Paul Graham
is his Twitter avatar.
I feel like if he changes the avatar,
somebody posted like a full photo of him through all this
and it was like, it looks so much kinder in that photo.
I don't know, just maybe think about it, Paul.
Just the avatar is not doing any favors.
It kind of looks angry.
Like he's like speaking or something,
but it's just like this expression on his face.
- He was like interrupting you.
- Yeah, exactly.
It's somehow like, it's the perfect personification
of how I read his tweets.
Like how I read every one of his tweets like that.
And I feel like it could, he could do better.
Even a little friendlier.
- Yeah, yeah, it is funny.
My favorite part about all this was,
this was so good.
I love this part.
Matthew Prince, who's the CEO of CloudFlare,
commented on this.
- I think I saw it.
- And then David Sacks replied going,
I don't even know who you are,
which is like a very classic dunk, right?
Typically that would work
because a person talking shit
is like a nobody that's never done anything.
But saying that's a CEO of CloudFlare
when you're supposed to be this like tech.
So like Valley person.
- Yeah, yeah, it's like so backfired.
- Yeah, and I laughed so hard
'cause the railway CEO posted that meme
with the traditionally like the guy complaining
and then the other guy going,
I don't think about you at all.
- Yeah, yeah.
- But he inverted it.
So the guy was like, I don't know who you are.
Then Don Draper was like, wait, what?
(laughing)
That's not how this shows.
Like of course, you know who I am.
- Yeah.
(laughing)
- Yeah, so it's really funny.
But it seems like this,
I think ever since the Israeli stuff started happening,
there's been a fracture in this community.
Like this, BC is interesting
'cause it's so much about social connections
and like networking and like,
it's like a lot of it is that aspect.
So everyone rides this like weird line
where they like all act kind of friendly with each other
'cause they don't know who's going to need at some point.
But obviously there's tensions that build up.
And I think after the whole Israel thing
that was like the spark.
And now that's cascading to all sorts of things.
And it's like crazy fracturing happened.
I'm seeing people stay.
- There's like punches being thrown.
- Yeah, like there's stuff that they won't recover from.
Like there's things that have been done where,
okay, these two VC firms will like never be on a deal.
Together ever again, has like fracturing
in like a million ways.
And all this political stuff with the election now,
I saw a tweet that I think was so interesting.
And I think it's a great way to put it.
And they were like, it's clear that politics is this
like crazy, crazy drug that'll just melt your brain.
Like it'll just completely wreck you in a same way
that some like crazy drug would,
but like very normal people just go and do lines of it.
Like without thinking.
And I feel like it's what's happening.
Like it's like melting people's brains.
Like even these really like so-called like very intellectual,
like smart people, it's like eroding them down
to like being really, really stupid.
Like even Paul Graham, who I respect a lot,
like after the whole Trump assassination thing,
he was like, finds like a weird angle to like minimize it.
And I'm like, like, like people just aren't thinking clearly
at all.
This stuff is completely like melting.
Like I really want to talk just with you
about US politics stuff.
I'm just terrified to talk about it on the podcast.
I don't even, 'cause I,
it just feels like this thing you just don't touch.
And I know like historically you don't,
you don't talk about politics and religion,
but it's like different now.
It's like on a level of like concern for just safety,
not wanting to say anything publicly for either side
to pick apart.
And I don't know, not that like we have this huge audience
that like I'm a famous person and he's aware about what I say.
It's just kind of like a thing I don't want
to even be involved in.
And I don't know what that says.
- Yeah.
And I think that for me, it's two sides.
Like I've seen, there are some tweets in our circle
that were like slightly political
and I saw the crazy responses to it.
Like way crazier than saying tailwind sucks.
- Yeah, yeah.
Which is crazy enough.
(laughing)
I know the replies you get to say things that when sucks.
You think those were extreme, but like these are like,
wait, like people like don't give you an inch at all.
Like there's no effort out at all.
And on the flip side, then you like react to that stuff
and you get pulled in, which is why it's like this crazy drug
that just like completely deteriorates your ability to think.
So I think privately, I've actually been really plugged into it
because I just find it like it's hard not to be.
- Yeah.
- Like really when I really enjoyed the drug quite a lot.
You're melting the brain on the weekends quite a bit.
- Yeah, I don't do it in public, you know.
But not probably, yeah, it's a respectable thing to do.
- Yeah, but it is like, you know, I thought in the day
we can intellectualize it all we want
and make it seem like it's as big important thing
as all we want, but it is the greatest reality show
that has ever happened and it happens every four years
and we all just can't resist watching the drama.
- It's so true, but I do feel like the stakes
from like a societal sticking together standpoint
are getting higher and higher and ratcheting higher.
Like as much as I wish it was just entertainment actually.
At this point, it feels like it's actually affecting--
- Yeah, it sucks.
- Just like the tension is getting violent.
- Yeah, exactly.
It's resulting in real world ramifications for both sides
from like a civil war kind of standpoint.
I don't know if that's dramatic,
but like just the tension and the violence feels like
it's always there and it's just very,
at the presence of boiling over.
- I mean, it just reminds you that it's the default state
of most of history.
It's kind of in that way.
- So, yeah, I don't know where those all go.
It's like you can't just keep ratcheting up forever.
- Right, yeah, on a more light note,
I was thinking the other day,
and I meant to tweet something about this,
is there been like, what's the precedent for tailwind?
Is this technology that if you say tailwind,
people get so angry on both sides.
If you say you don't like it or you do like it,
it's so polarizing like US politics.
Is there a precedent like a previous technology
that had that effect?
Is tailwind the first to be like that?
- No, no JS.
- Okay, not as much today, probably.
- I mean, the joke is still around,
but like I don't remember,
and I didn't use no JS for a very, very, very long time.
But I do remember like people using it.
Like, yeah, there was like crazy arguments over it.
They're like, it's stupid.
- It was like, I mean, it was like,
that was like the first JavaScript on the back end.
- Yeah, right, like a serious scale, I guess.
I don't know, there's probably some obscure thing
before that, but so you think just the idea,
like people were very polarized
because just the idea of running JavaScript
on the back end in the first place.
And then whether it was the actual implementation
or people involved was maybe a thing that.
- Yeah, I do remember that being polarizing.
There's some like eternal ones, like types,
aesthetically type stuff that has always been like,
people would, that was like probably the first,
like when I was first getting into tech,
I do remember people already about
data versus dynamic typing, all the time.
- There's like ideas, like tabs for spaces.
- Right, right, right.
- There's like these ideas that have historically had,
you know, Emacs and them, like the two sides,
it's like gang wars.
But I've never, like, I couldn't think of a technology,
like a library or something that like has a team behind it
building it that brings up so much like intense feeling
on both sides, like tail end.
- Yeah, I think what's similar to the node
and the tail end thing is, and people will observe that
whenever something has this level of controversy,
it ends up being massively successful.
But I think what's going on is the form
of this debate always takes,
it's like almost the exact same in both cases.
You'll have the side that doesn't like it.
Their framing of it will be like,
this is dumbing something down.
And you don't need it dumbed down.
It's like unnecessary.
Just use this other thing that you just spent some time
to learn it and you can do it.
- Yeah.
- The reason that side always ends up losing is,
their observation is correct.
It is dumbing something down.
It is making something easier.
And that will always gain traction, right?
- Yeah.
- So I think that's the same case with Node.js,
same case with tailwind.
There's just some stuff that you just can't fight.
- Yeah.
- 'Cause it just makes something more accessible or easier
to understand.
It just hit me that neither of us are extreme here,
but I'm pro-tailwind, you're sort of not pro-tailwind.
Or you just don't use tailwind.
You don't, I just don't use it.
You're bothered.
Yeah.
You kind of have fun with it on Twitter,
but we've never had like an intense argument about it.
So it's interesting that like,
it seems to be more of a Twitter phenomenon,
like a angry at people from a distance.
If you're actually like in a room with somebody talking
about tailwind, you're probably not quite as passionate.
- The thing, the feeling I get whenever I get these kinds
of replies is you have nothing else.
But if people that get so worked out over this,
it's like-
- Oh, that's actually-
- I'm being harsh 'cause I want them to fricking stop.
But it's, I get these replies all the time, right?
Like I work in dev tools.
I am someone that spends all my time working in dev tools.
I spent in a ridiculous amount of time
compared to the average person,
exploring just the random shit in the spaces that is my job.
- Yeah.
- Despite that, whenever I talk about something,
people will insert like their random technology
that they love as though I probably have never heard of it,
because that is the only thing they have.
They have this identity that I know about this thing.
That's cool.
And nobody else knows about it.
And I'm a replies person who literally gets paid
to look at this stuff.
I was assuming that they don't,
they don't really know what it is.
- Yeah.
- So I get that with like the anti-tailwind people
who are like, I'm good at CSS.
And I love that about myself.
And I need to like obsessively talk about it.
The people that use tailwind,
that are the equal thing on the other side.
They're like, I'm using this cool thing.
It's like the future.
And like people hate it, but like we're like rebellion.
It's like, they wrap all this shit around it
where I have other stuff I do that with.
I'm not gonna do it here, you know?
- Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's fair.
- Yeah.
All they have.
- It's all they have.
Poor guys.
Poor people.
- Okay.
Well, that's an interesting note to end on,
but I do think we should end on that note.
(laughing)
- Well, do you have to pee?
- I actually don't.
I ran out of water.
My throat's very dry, so I would like to fill it.
And other, other things I gotta do today.
I've actually got a giant list.
It's Casey and I, I think of this a lot.
For some reason, I used to play like golf.
In golf, there's like four days to every tournament,
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
And I just randomly decide a day is moving day.
This is what they call it on Saturday in a golf tournament.
Like it's the day you're trying to jump up
the leaderboard before Sunday.
It's like you go more aggressive,
you go more big ambition on Saturday, moving day
in a golf tournament.
Today is moving day.
We got a lot to get done.
It's been like a few days of kind of like playing it safe,
getting a little bit here and there done.
And today is like, we got a giant checklist.
And record podcast was on that checklist.
And so did my duty.
I recorded a podcast.
I came back 101.
We did it, 100 wasn't the end.
Oh, the memes that could have been.
(laughing)
It's like every like, even number,
we gotta like watch out for you.
Yeah, we really do.
110 to be honest, not out of the water yet.
(laughing)
111 I guess would be more, more exciting.
Today's not gonna be a moving day for me.
I went to bed at like 4 a.m. yesterday.
4 a.m.
What are you working on something?
Exciting.
I like stop working early 'cause this migraine thing happened.
And then I like completely normal at midnight.
So when I was like, really hyped up to go work on stuff.
Yeah.
Okay, I said, I said we were getting off here.
But now I just reminded me of something.
I just thought of you when you were talking about
kind of like completing the multiplexer
and you shipped this giant thing into SST
and all the lines of go you've written.
I've seen some of the tweets and I just thought of like,
I know that feeling when you finish a giant project.
It's like, it's an amazing feeling,
but it also kind of like,
you feel a little dead inside the next day
when it's like, I'm shifting into something different today.
Like whatever day that is,
maybe there's a little bit of like a halo
or like a minute of like stuff you still gotta get done
wrap up like little stuff.
You basically shipped it,
but like you're dealing with some of the little here and there.
But then the first day where it's like,
I'm actually picking up on the next thing.
It's kind of a depressing thing to me.
It's like I've been so in the zone in a context
working on one singular thing
that once it's shipped, it's kind of bittersweet.
It's like, now I gotta work on the next thing
and there's kind of a ramp up process
to get really into it again.
And I don't know, do you feel that?
- I don't think that's really how I think,
if you take a little bit of scenario you're describing,
I probably would feel that way,
but I actually haven't worked on anything like that.
Like I didn't, I wasn't working on as multiplexer
just working on it and getting it done.
I was working on it like one or two days out of the week.
- Oh, interesting.
Okay, so I'm more of an obsessive.
Yeah, I'm more of like a go dive hard on one thing,
come up for air once it's done.
I think that's my personality.
- There was a week of that with a multiplexer
when I like, when all the abstractions were failing me
and I just had to like just go to lowest level.
- Yeah.
- There was like a week of that
and that was crazy and I haven't had that in a long time,
but yeah, I feel like I'm always like,
okay, so the thing with me is
I can work many, many, many hours,
but I can only work a couple hours on a single thing.
So I tend to like do a burst on one thing
and do a burst on another thing,
then do a burst on another thing.
- That is the thing.
- I don't think it's a hard constraint,
but that just is like my habit.
- Yeah, I'm not good at the context switches.
There's just a big loss of something for me when I do that.
I love talking about the multiplexer on here.
I don't want to stop talking about it
'cause it just sounds so made up.
Just sounds like we're just, like it's a gag.
Like we're just trying to see if anyone calls us out
on the multiplexer that Dax is working on.
- It sounds like a time machine.
- I was gonna say, what is that like flex capacitor,
whatever that's like flex capacitor?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Flex capacitor.
- Yeah, it sounds like that.
- It sounds so made up.
- You know what's crazy about it?
For how like weird it was,
this was one of our like lowest bug launches ever.
Like I launched it and I was like staring at the ion channel.
Like just waiting.
And like 24 hours went by
and like nobody reported any issue.
- Oh man, that's crazy.
'Cause it seems like the kind of thing
that you can have a ton of little bugs.
Different emulators, different.
- Yeah.
- And to not have a bunch of issues, that's amazing.
Good job Dax.
First try.
- Yeah, it is.
- First time ever, whatever it was.
- First time ever at a first try.
Whatever it is.
But yeah, it worked really well
and we've gotten like really good feedback on it.
And you saw some of the crazier stuff
- I love it.
- Like spinning up tunnels and all that stuff.
So it's funny 'cause someone replied to,
when I launched it, they were like,
this is not something that I need at all.
Like I wish you would focus on other things instead of this,
but I guess, you know, all engineers need to like scratch
their like random things.
And it's so funny how inaccurate that was
because for the longest time,
I was like, I don't want to fucking build this thing.
- Yeah, this is not a good thing you'd want to do.
- I don't want to build it.
I don't want to build it.
And just things kept stacking up as like,
this would get solved if we do this.
This would get solved if we do this.
This book stops even being possible.
We had to get giant list of things that it fixed.
And I was like forced into doing it.
And obviously once it got into it, I got into it, but.
- Yeah.
- But not a thing you'd be looking for is funny.
- Yeah, I did not make an excuse to do this at all.
(laughing)
- Oh, it's solved a lot of pain points for me.
I mean, it's things that like,
I couldn't have articulated the right solution,
but when I see it, it's like, obviously,
this is what it should have been and needed to be.
- Yeah, yeah.
- The multiplexer, it's a real thing.
- It's real. - Look it up.
Is it still called mosaic,
or did you just roll it into SSC dev?
I haven't even seen.
- Hey, just SSC dev now.
- Oh, nice.
- When does I on go away?
When does that word gonna leave?
- We're working on a migration guide right now.
We're planning on launching moving ion2v3 next Tuesday.
- I don't know if that happened.
- Whoa.
- I'm still gonna make-- - I'm so gonna make--
- Oh, I'm forever. - I'm forever.
- I'm forever source of terminal repo
and I'm making a video about it.
- Oh, nice.
- Essentially this weekend.
- Yeah, cool.
Are you gonna like get rid of all the get history
or people who make fun of me for us in Korea?
Okay, cool.
(laughing)
Always, I always see that.
- Yeah, it's just kind of like pre-rec was it.
- Yeah.
- All right, now we really do gotta go.
- Okay.
- I got so many things on this list.
This has been fun though.
- All right, enjoy.
- All right, see you next time.
- Yep.
(upbeat music)